AUTHORS.md, before:

# List of AUTHORS who contributed over time to the OregonCore project

## Warning
The code of OregonCore is shipped as it is without any form of warranty,
and - except for third party libraries - licensed under the GPL 2.0,
which you can read from the file "COPYING"

## Point of current development
The project is currently hosted at http://oregoncore.lunar.sk/ and developed under https://bitbucket.org/oregon/oregoncore

## History of development
Development of this project dates back to 2010, and was developed under various umbrellas over time:
* OregonCore project, 2010-2014, located at http://oregoncore.lunar.sk/
* TrinityCore project, 2008-2012 located at http://www.trinitycore.org/
* Mangos project, 2005-2012 located at http://getmangos.com/
* ScriptDev2 project, 2006-2012 located at http://www.scriptdev2.com/

## Authorship of the code
Authorship is assigned for each commit within the git history, which is stored in these git repositories:
* https://bitbucket.org/oregon/oregoncore

## Exceptions with third party libraries

## Authors List:

*Please inform us, if you find somebody who is missing!*

 3mogorgon
 aikon lee
 alexandro
 alexsot
 Alex_Step
 amkurek
 Andreas Suter
 andri_000@Dirty
 Anondev
 Anonymous@anonym-f86526fa
 apple
 Areradon
 Arnaud KAPP
 ArtemisCZSK
 aszek
 ateo0169
 avoid
 awesome_001
 ax0rz
 bas gubbels
 Batbayar Bazarragchaa
 BRONJHAM
 Celtus
 Celtus Maximus
 cemak
 cloth
 Colby@Colby-PC.sbcglobal.net
 danqu
 darion
 Dave <davevmb@gmail.com>
 Deni <deni81@arcor.de>
 desteny
 devun
 Dirty
 djoneill
 djwhisper
 doomscaler doomscaler123
 dragos14
 dx15
 effik
 Efonius
 egon
 eina
 el iminussi
 enhouse
 enolux
 faramir118
 Filipoliko
 _flawless
 Flywithme
 funn3r
 fury.1337
 Fuu
 galaxyman
 Henhouse <henry925@gmail.com>
 huade
 iyo
 jakob sojak
 Je7
 jonok
 Jonx1000
 joval
 kerhong
 kingston
 L30m4nc3r
 Lenny
 LilleCarl
 LilleCarl@LilleCarlPC
 LordUsagi <lovelessusagi@gmail.com>
 lovelol
 lukaasm
 Lukáš Vyskočil
 maikale
 Marcelo
 marcelo_20xx
 mateo0169
 Micha2903
 midna
 Mikołaj <>
 MiLk <emilien_kenler@hotmail.com>
 MiLk <milk@world-of-warriors.com>
 Naxx Admin
 Niklas Schäffer
 niyo
 nr7gaming
 obana
 odistu
 oneb1t
 oregon
 oregonnsk
 orm
 oslayer
 PadreWoW
 pdx15
 pitbull123
 Qoneek
 regon
 release_ok <andriy1231@yandex.ua>
 reno
 reradon
 Rescr1pt
 rescr1pt
 rescr1pt@ya.ru
 retret
 Rideen
 Rimovals2
 rogas
 roid
 Saeed Avatar
 Schtomy Arfe
 ScullyNY
 Siarkowy
 silvermcd123
 Skyner25
 smoldar <pavelobolecky@seznam.cz>
 spenner
 squarecoding
 stfx
 Swyxe
 Sysmafik Yarrr
 taite nazifi
 tfx
 tobad90
 Tomáš Kolinger
 tylerx
 ukas22
 urki
 Usagi
 vincebee
 void
 Waqv
 WoWBixx
 xmaks
 xpert976
 xtylerx
 Yooki <notavailabletoyou@hush.com>
 youyou135
 Zaffy <zaffy@lunar.sk>
 ZaxarPal
 zlokobni
 аксим Аго
 Максим Аго
 Михаил Фатеев

Commit message:

Fix some issues with UnixDebugger; Fix _BUILD_DIRECTIVE and Update AUTHORS.md

AUTHORS.md, after:

# List of AUTHORS who contributed over time to the OregonCore project

## Warning
The code of OregonCore is shipped as it is without any form of warranty,
and - except for third party libraries - licensed under the GPL 2.0,
which you can read from the file "COPYING"

## Point of current development
The project is currently hosted at http://oregoncore.lunar.sk/ and developed under https://bitbucket.org/oregon/oregoncore

## History of development
Development of this project dates back to 2010, and was developed under various umbrellas over time:
* OregonCore project, 2010-2014, located at http://oregoncore.lunar.sk/
* TrinityCore project, 2008-2012 located at http://www.trinitycore.org/
* Mangos project, 2005-2012 located at http://getmangos.com/
* ScriptDev2 project, 2006-2012 located at http://www.scriptdev2.com/

## Authorship of the code
Authorship is assigned for each commit within the git history, which is stored in these mercurial repositories:
* https://bitbucket.org/oregon/oregoncore
* if you have cloned the repository you can access commits through command `hg log`

## Exceptions with third party libraries

* As a special exception, the OregonCore project
  gives permission to link the code of its release of OregonCore with the
  OpenSSL project's "OpenSSL" library (or with modified versions of it
  that use the same license as the "OpenSSL" library), and distribute
  the linked executables.  You must obey the GNU General Public License
  in all respects for all of the code used other than "OpenSSL".  If you
  modify this file, you may extend this exception to your version of the
  file, but you are not obligated to do so.  If you do not wish to do
  so, delete this exception statement from your version.

## Authors List:

*Please inform us, if you find somebody who is missing!*

 3mogorgon
 aikon lee
 alexandro
 alexsot
 Alex_Step
 amkurek
 Andreas Suter
 andri_000@Dirty
 Anondev
 Anonymous@anonym-f86526fa
 apple
 Areradon
 Arnaud KAPP
 ArtemisCZSK
 aszek
 ateo0169
 avoid
 awesome_001
 ax0rz
 bas gubbels
 Batbayar Bazarragchaa
 BRONJHAM
 Celtus
 Celtus Maximus
 cemak
 cloth
 Colby@Colby-PC.sbcglobal.net
 danqu
 darion
 Dave <davevmb@gmail.com>
 Deni <deni81@arcor.de>
 desteny
 devun
 Dirty
 djoneill
 djwhisper
 doomscaler doomscaler123
 dragos14
 dx15
 effik
 Efonius
 egon
 eina
 el iminussi
 enhouse
 enolux
 faramir118
 Filipoliko
 _flawless
 Flywithme
 funn3r
 fury.1337
 Fuu
 galaxyman
 Henhouse <henry925@gmail.com>
 huade
 iyo
 jakob sojak
 Je7
 jonok
 Jonx1000
 joval
 kerhong
 kingston
 L30m4nc3r
 Lenny
 LilleCarl
 LilleCarl@LilleCarlPC
 LordUsagi <lovelessusagi@gmail.com>
 lovelol
 lukaasm
 Lukáš Vyskočil
 maikale
 Marcelo
 marcelo_20xx
 mateo0169
 Micha2903
 midna
 Mikołaj <>
 MiLk <emilien_kenler@hotmail.com>
 MiLk <milk@world-of-warriors.com>
 Naxx Admin
 Niklas Schäffer
 niyo
 nr7gaming
 obana
 odistu
 oneb1t
 oregon
 oregonnsk
 orm
 oslayer
 PadreWoW
 pdx15
 pitbull123
 Qoneek
 regon
 release_ok <andriy1231@yandex.ua>
 reno
 reradon
 Rescr1pt
 rescr1pt
 rescr1pt@ya.ru
 retret
 Rideen
 Rimovals2
 rogas
 roid
 Saeed Avatar
 Schtomy Arfe
 ScullyNY
 Siarkowy
 silvermcd123
 Skyner25
 smoldar <pavelobolecky@seznam.cz>
 spenner
 squarecoding
 stfx
 Swyxe
 Sysmafik Yarrr
 taite nazifi
 tfx
 tobad90
 Tomáš Kolinger
 tylerx
 ukas22
 urki
 Usagi
 vincebee
 void
 Waqv
 WoWBixx
 xmaks
 xpert976
 xtylerx
 Yooki <notavailabletoyou@hush.com>
 youyou135
 Zaffy <zaffy@lunar.sk>
 ZaxarPal
 zlokobni
 аксим Аго
 Максим Аго
 Михаил Фатеев
